Design process
    For our group project 
        Firstly, to achieve the goal of the project. All team members has to think and talk how to implement the features which includes save, load, level of difficuities,
        and real time feature. So that, after we talk about it. We dicided that Beck and Oliver will code the logic and make changes for each class. Kevin will doing the QA and make sure
        all features can work as we expected. Bohua will doing the testing part which will exam there have not error in each class.

        Secondly, after all team members finish their work, Beck merged everything together.
        
        
Milestone 4 Update
    In the Milestone 4, we added many features to improve user's experience when they play game. First of all, the game can implement save and load
    method which allow user to save current game or load a previous game round. In the current game version, user can also select different level of difficulties.
    The game has three levels. Finally, the current version is also implement as real time. Therefore, user can enjoy the game and have more fun.
        
User Manual
    1. Run GUIFrame.java
    2. From menu bar, click Games and then select New Game (New Game will start a new round)
    3. If user want to select different level, click level to select level 1, 2 or 3
        (level 1: 6 basic zombies; level 2: 8 AdvancedZombies; level 3: 10 basic or AdvancedZombies)
    4. User can click File and then select Exit to exit the game at any time they like.
    5. Click the button at the buttom of screen(Sunflower, Peashooter or Advanced Peashooter)
        Sunflower: select sunflower to place
        Peashooter: select Peashooter to place
        Advanced Peashooter: select Advanced Peashooter to place(Advanced Peashooter has higher damage to zombie)
    4. Click place where to put your plant(if you selected sunflower or Peashooter from previous step)
        The last column(column 10) do not allow put anything(is disabled)
    5. Repeat step 3 untill game over
    6. User can select save or load from File menu, to save current game or load the previous game round
